[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
we're with former US
Marine, Mike Herrera.
Mike is a veteran with a
distinguished service record.
Today we discuss ET crafts
and weapons systems.
Mike, welcome to the show.
>>MIKE HERRERA: Thanks
Emery, appreciate that.
>>EMERY: So what have we
learned from these craft that
are in our possession, Mike?
>>HERRERA: Well, there
are a lot of research
and development
that goes through,
at least from what I've
been told and briefed on
is very extensive.
I mean, it's a lot
of trial and error
because you're having different
people in these organizations,
as well as these P3s that
we've talked about, having
to gauge and assess
how they can utilize
the technology at least for the
understanding of the people who
intend to operate those craft.
So I think, overall, it's
a learning experience
for everybody involved
because there's obviously
different methods of
incorporating that technology
into things besides
transportation, weapons systems,
you name it.
There could be other
things that they deal with.
>>EMERY: So are
you saying there's
multiple corporations involved?
>>HERRERA: Yeah,
there has to be.
>>EMERY: Mm-hmm.
>>HERRERA: There's a lot
of hands in the cookie jar,
so to speak.
It's not like this
organization has
a monopoly on this technology
compared to everybody else.
I mean, every organization has
their own retrieval programs,
so they're going to do things
that make sense to them.
Maybe they have different
ideas with the scientists
that they're corroborating with.
>>EMERY: Are we referring
to these triangular craft
that people have been reporting?
>>HERRERA: Those, among
others, especially
similarities to the ones that
I've actually personally have
seen, especially in 2009.
So I think with that
being said, you're
going to have different
aerospace companies that
produce a different
type of design,
maybe a different
type of system.
>>EMERY: Do you know any
that are specifically
with the triangular craft?
>>HERRERA: Northrop Grumman.
>>EMERY: OK.
>>HERRERA: I know they do
a lot of triangular ones.
I know Raytheon does a lot
of triangular ones, too.
>>EMERY: And what about
these pyramid-shaped craft?
What can you tell us about them?
>>HERRERA: I don't know
if those are man-made,
to tell you the truth.
I have been told that
pyramid craft are ET.
And they're pretty massive
in comparison to anything
that I understand to be,
anything that we could come up
with would have to have
a large space in order
to manufacture, those especially
underground, because you think
about having to take
that off to the surface,
I mean, there's only so many
entry points that you could
designate, especially, let's
say, if we're hypothetically--
>>EMERY: Yeah, what size are we
talking about for the audience?
>>HERRERA: Probably
in excess of 600 feet?
>>EMERY: OK.
>>HERRERA: I mean,
at least the ones
that they've seen
over the Pentagon,
and there's been that
video that came out,
and that's what
they estimated to be
was something that
was pretty massive.
>>EMERY: And that's
a viable video.
>>HERRERA: Correct.
They've been trying to
debunk that for years,
and they can't
because it's real.
>>EMERY: So we have
an episode here
on "Deep Space,"
here at Gaia, that we
talk about that pyramid craft.
Are you telling me that
it has not been debunked?
>>HERRERA: No.
>>EMERY: OK.
>>HERRERA: To my
knowledge, it hasn't been.
And the only reason why
is because some people
in these organizations have
corroborated the same thing,
saying that it's not
of terrestrial origin.
Therefore, it comes
from outer space.
>>EMERY: Do you
think that also has
to do with the one that was
spotted over the Kremlin
in Russia?
>>HERRERA: It's possible.
>>EMERY: Yeah?
>>HERRERA: I know that
there's people trying
to replicate the
technology, so there's
a possibility it
could be man-made,
or there's a possibility it
could be extraterrestrial.
>>EMERY: But you're not aware of
the Russians having that craft?
>>HERRERA: I'm not aware
of that, personally, no.
>>EMERY: Let's talk about
the craft themselves.
What type of weaponry do they
hold, that you can talk about?
>>HERRERA: I don't know
of them specifically, only
to estimate it's
probably EMP weapon
systems that can stun vehicles.
I mean, if you're having to
come across conventional fighter
jets, an F-18 per se, I mean,
you fire an EMP at them,
takes it out of the
game pretty quick,
and then you're having
to do-- a pilot having
to do a supersonic ejection.
I mean, that's very
risky for them.
So, as far as ET
craft, I've never
been told that they've
been weaponized
or even if they have
weapons due to--
if that was really the case, and
they had to defend themselves,
they could easily do it.
>>EMERY: In all my
service, I've never
heard of an Air Force
or any military jet
getting knocked down by
an extraterrestrial craft.
Have you been informed
of anything like that?
Any type of violent
behavior with a craft?
>>HERRERA: Not with a craft,
but with an EMP weapon
systems down in the
Chihuahuan desert.
They took down an
F-18 with that.
>>EMERY: Wow.
>>HERRERA: That's what
the pilot had to do.
It estimated at least a
supersonic ejection, so--
>>EMERY: That's
documented, obviously.
>>HERRERA: Yeah, through
this organization, it is.
So the manuscript that I was
provided, which is-- it's
listed as fictional.
But this is how they
disclose what they've been
doing for the last 30 years.
>>EMERY: Why do
you think that is?
Why do you-- do you know what
happened or-- what do you think?
>>HERRERA: So, this
team, this black team
was using these
containers that I saw,
but they had helicopters
that were flying them
off to this base that was
masked in a hologram that looks
like a mountain, but it's not.
So they had a drone
that was on standby
that was getting observation
of this going down as well.
And then they had a couple
of F-18s that they scrambled.
And one of which was
firing relatively
high to get at least the
cameras on, so that way,
they can see what they're
dealing with, relay that back
to HQ or however they do that.
And there was
another one that was
intercepting the
helicopters, trying
to get them to respond
through radio communication.
And of course, the helicopters
didn't respond to that.
They just kept flying
blind or dark, so to speak.
So as soon as they
got close enough,
that's when, in this
manuscript, they
talked about the whole
plane just shutting down.
And it started to fall.
And so everything
just turned black,
and then the pilot had to
find the handles to eject out,
and he survived.
>>EMERY: He survived?
OK, all right.
>>HERRERA: But the
technology they
have in order to
incorporate that, I mean,
you don't hear about that in any
kind of conventional warfare.
I mean, especially the
recent wars we've been in,
I mean, if the enemy
had EMP capabilities,
I mean, that would take out
our complete air reserves
and transportation, you name it.
I mean, it would
cripple the entire--
anything with
airspace, I mean, you
control it with those weapons.
>>EMERY: And where are these
crafts located once they--
these triangular craft
and these pyramid craft
or any craft that
we've obtained?
>>HERRERA: Well, I mean,
everybody suspects Nevada Test
Site or Nevada Testing and
Training Range or what everybody
calls Groom Lake.
There's suspicion that there is.
There's suspicion
Dugway Proving Grounds
has reverse-engineered as
well as actual ET craft.
Some places out in the
high desert of California
have some of them.
I know that for a fact
of what I've been told,
but I'm not going to give the
complete location, obviously.
>>EMERY: No, of course not.
And are they bringing the P3s
out to these test sites as well,
or--
>>HERRERA: Yes,
that's what they do.
That's exactly what they do.
And that's what they use, these
P3s to summon these craft so
that way, they can target
with these weapon systems
and bring them down and take
their technology, of course.
>>EMERY: What are the P3s
doing to connect with the craft
and to contact it, to bring in?
How does that work?
>>HERRERA: I
personally don't know.
I have not been read
into how that process is.
I know with certain
groups of people,
they typically try to go
into meditation in order
to get to an elevated
state of consciousness.
So my theory would suggest
that these people are already
at that level.
So they don't need to go into
a deep state of meditation
in order to get to that elevated
level of consciousness that's
just how they already are.
My assuming would
just be that they
have to just, put
the will out there
and get the intention put out
there in order to connect.
>>EMERY: And you did
mention that they might
have multiple handlers, too.
>>HERRERA: Correct.
>>EMERY: Correct.
At the same time.
>>HERRERA: Correct.
And these people are plugged
in to machinery, too.
>>EMERY: Oh, really?
>>HERRERA: How powerful--
>>EMERY: So a few more
technologies involved?
>>HERRERA: Correct,
because these operators,
that's what they use to control
these P3s, these machines.
And I don't know what these
apparatuses look like.
I have no idea about that.
But I do know that the
only way that A would
be these operators, B would
be the psionics or P3 assets,
C would be the advanced
tech in the ET craft.
So essentially, A can control C
through B, if that makes sense.
>>EMERY: Mike, could you
mention a little bit more
about the process, that once a
P3 vectors in one of these craft
and the handlers are
there, do they board it?
Do they run tests on it?
>>HERRERA: I assume that
that's what they do.
I was not told the
specifics on how they do it.
I just know that they
do have retrieval teams
present on standby that
also act as the security
personnel to cordon the
area off so that way,
they have this whole testing
site under their control.
Obviously, people can't look in.
I don't know if it's very
secluded areas where there's not
going to be a lot of people.
To my understanding,
that's how I would do it
if I was in these programs.
Now, as far as them
vectoring the craft in,
they're going to obviously
have the P3 connecting
to that being or that craft per
se, which if they essentially
hijacked the craft
and take it out
of the control of the
being that occupies it,
then it stuns it or pretty
much keeps it there,
then it gives them enough time
to target it with these weapons.
Once they bring
them down, then they
have the retrieval teams come in
and basically assess the damage,
assess if there's any living
occupants, if it's man-made,
of course, then that's
a different story.
But if it's
extraterrestrial, they'll
know for a fact, based off of--
One instance-- I'm not going
to go very specific with it,
but one of the
operators actually
was a part of the
retrieval team.
And he felt a very deep
connection with the ET,
basically saying
that the ET felt
very loving towards this
very strong feeling.
But it was also
pain and sadness,
and it just overwhelmed
his entire body.
So he knew for a fact that
there was a live ET present.
As far as the specifics
go, I'm not really--
>>EMERY: Would a P3
actually go up to the craft?
Touch the craft?
>>HERRERA: I have no idea.
I'm assuming that once
they make contact,
then they probably usher these
people out of there so that way,
there's no danger
presented to these assets.
>>EMERY: Once it's
safe and everything's
shut down, take them
out, then they go
do whatever they have to do.
>>HERRERA: That's my assumption.
Just because-- I
mean, these P3 assets
are very valuable to them.
They can't realistically
do this without having
these guys present in order
to vector these craft in.
>>EMERY: Do these craft get
vectored in one at a time,
or is there a whole
flotilla of them coming?
>>HERRERA: I'm assuming
it's one at a time.
And if there's a plethora
of them coming in,
then I would assume that
they're able to target
one of them at least and
bring him down that way.
I don't know the
specifics of that.
>>EMERY: Have you heard of
more than one coming in?
>>HERRERA: No, I personally
have not heard that.
>>EMERY: Have you
heard of, at any point,
a craft having resistance
or having backup come?
>>HERRERA: I have not heard
that either, and I don't know.
But what I will assume
is, if they're only
doing this two or
three times a year,
and let's say, they're
doing this routinely
throughout the year,
that's very low odds,
if you're only getting two
or three shootdowns a year.
>>EMERY: Right, mm-hmm.
>>HERRERA: And if they're
doing it every week per se,
which I don't know how
they-- what the schedule is
or how they deem it
to be appropriate,
but there's very low
odds considering that.
But if you're able to
go on a global scale--
>>EMERY: That's correct.
>>HERRERA: --with
every installation
that's doing the same
protocols as this,
then you're getting
a lot of craft.
And obviously,
different organizations
may be doing that as well.
>>EMERY: Do the P3s, when there
are extraterrestrials there,
are they communicating directly
with them or just the craft?
>>HERRERA: Both.
>>EMERY: Both.
>>HERRERA: I know
that they have-- so
what I've been told
is they actually have
a relationship with the ETs.
They have rapport that
they've built with them,
so I don't know if
over time, they get--
>>EMERY: Oh, over time?
Not just when it happens?
>>HERRERA: Right, because I know
that they do these operations
as well when there's no
weapon systems implemented,
and they actually just
have the P3s, I guess,
trying to build a relationship.
And then eventually,
over time, they
get them to where they've
won them over and then
get them when they're
vulnerable and not thinking
that things going to happen.
But that's--
>>EMERY: Yeah, that
sounds like a stalker
who's getting warmed up to come
over for a nice dinner here.
And the ETs, they
never catch on, huh?
They don't know.
>>HERRERA: I think
they're surprised
because if you have scalar
longitudinal weapons that
are faster than
the speed of light
and a multiples of
the speed of light,
it's very hard for
something organic,
life-form to even react to that.
I mean, it's almost like,
if the ETs could themselves
predict the future
or even see into it,
then I think that could even
be a deterrence because they
know what's going to happen.
>>EMERY: How do
you think this is
working with other programs
besides the black teams?
Is it also happening in
military programs as well?
>>HERRERA: I would
assume it would.
I don't think it's nearly
as refined as what the black
teams' have because they've
got protocols in place,
and they have the
assets to do that.
I don't know if the
conventional government actually
has people that are
designated like P3s in order
to vector this.
I think it's more of
an incidental surprise.
If they happen to get a target
of opportunity at that time,
then maybe they would
subject it to being shut down
and then trying to
reverse-engineer it.
But then, again, you
know as well as I do,
conventional government
programs, they
have a lot of oversight,
and a lot of people
ask questions from top-down.
So the way that the black teams
have this completely covert,
where nobody knows about it,
including the government,
I think, needless
to say, black teams
are going to have
them more refined.
>>EMERY: And any point have
you seen, like the government,
as I've seen, like,
there'll be a crash site.
There'll be bodies.
There'll be craft.
And the government
now just hands it off
to probably a black team.
>>HERRERA: I don't know if they
would handle it to a black team.
I think what may have
happened is that they'd get it
into a testing site, you know,
that military would have access
to.
But then, they put it
into a privatized company,
so that way, if you're just--
>>EMERY: A bit lost.
>>HERRERA: Exactly, yeah.
If you're a general, if you're
a senator, or congress person,
you know--
>>EMERY: You'll never know.
>>HERRERA: You'll
never know because you
can't do a FOIA request.
>>EMERY: It's private.
>>HERRERA: Exactly.
They're very smart about that.
>>EMERY: Yeah, that's brilliant.
Let's talk about some of
these benevolent meetings that
have happened in history,
such as the White Sands
meeting with Eisenhower and
some of the extraterrestrials.
What can you tell us about
some of these meetings?
>>HERRERA: Well,
from people that
have been on our team that
have been there presently
as high-up commanders or things
that were along with Eisenhower,
they stated the fact
that ETs have arranged
that meeting with them in
order to basically say, hey,
nuclear weapons is a no-go
or atomic at that time.
I know they started getting
into thermonuclear at that point
because that was at
least the deepest
secret in the entire
world at that time.
And they kept that
thing under tight lip
very well, besides the whole
ET issue, which everybody's
starting to figure that out.
But I know that--
>>EMERY: That's very positive.
>>HERRERA: Yes, it is.
>>EMERY: They're trying
to warn us, right?
>>HERRERA: Yes.
Well, and you've heard of
instances like the Rendlesham--
>>EMERY: Rendlesham Forest,
they tried to do the same.
>>HERRERA: Exactly.
And they-- what was
hypothesized with that
was, they were humans in
the future at one point.
And they came back and
said, you guys better
stop going on this
trajectory or growing,
and we'll cease to exist.
And I think, some commander
asked, well, who are you, guys?
And they said, we're
you in the future.
We're your descendants.
So, we can take that as
a warning as we should.
But at the same time, if
we're getting to a point
to where they intervene and
say that this is not the best
course you guys are
on, then maybe that
is meant to happen in order to
steer us in the right direction.
>>EMERY: Do you think
if we went that course,
that they would intervene?
>>HERRERA: I think
they would intervene.
I mean--
>>EMERY: Yeah, I believe so.
>>HERRERA: I know that Earth
is very precious to a lot
of other races outside of this.
I mean, it's a kind
of a Petri dish
of multiple different things.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>HERRERA: And
who knows how many
civilizations have been here?
We only know what we can
research and look into.
This earth may be
older than what
people can estimate it to be.
>>EMERY: I call it the
Disneyland of the universe.
>>HERRERA: Correct.
>>EMERY: So the attitude that
advanced civilizations out there
are non-militaristic, why
would they need weapons?
>>HERRERA: I don't think
they need weapons at all.
I think weapons are a
byproduct of the research
that the human race has been
doing for obvious reasons.
If you're at an
elevated consciousness,
and you're at an
IQ of 500, 600--
>>EMERY: All right.
>>HERRERA: --you really
have no differences
to pick with anybody.
You don't have the urge
to conquer and pillage
the next star system per se.
You guys are going
to work together.
And I think a lot
of that happens
because look at all
the races that people
have documented over the years.
And it's not even just
our military intelligence
communities, it's also
throughout human history.
Look at South America, look at
Egypt, look at ancient India,
look at ancient China,
Japan, all of them
list beings that look
similar but yet, different.
So I think that they're working
in coordination with each other
with the respect of
understanding one another.
As opposed to us, the only
way that we understand things
is when we're actually
taking stuff from people.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>HERRERA: So what
we're replicating here
on planet Earth, they're
going to be worried
about us replicating it out in
space at different star systems.
>>EMERY: And what
do you think it's
going to take for us to go
amongst the stars, then?
>>HERRERA: Definitely
world peace.
We can't be killing each
other over paper or resources
that's native to
planet Earth, that's
for everybody,
realistically, where you have
greedy corporations that
monopolize that kind of asset,
try to make as much
money off of it,
or somebody has a
great idea, and they
want to keep it secret
in the hopes of trying
to pocket several
hundred of millions
of dollars for technology.
>>EMERY: Do you think during
some of these meetings
when technology was given to
us or exchanged for something
that we utilized that technology
in maybe a nefarious way?
>>HERRERA: I believe
it's possible.
I don't know if there's actually
been a technological exchange
for anything like that.
I don't-- if I was a being, and
I had an opportunity to give
technology to erase that I
see blowing themselves up,
it's not going to really--
I wouldn't find that
to be very rewarding,
let alone being somebody who
provides that technology just
for them to weaponize it
just to kill other humans.
That's not how I would do it.
But anything is
possible at that point.
There could have been
technology that's
transferred for hands, in order
for them to understand, hey,
this is what you could
accomplish with this technology.
So it's up in the
air at this point.
>>EMERY: What do we know
about the crafts that
are in our possession?
And what do we know--
what are they doing here?
Do they have an agenda?
>>HERRERA: I think the companies
that oversee those projects.
I think they have an
agenda with those.
Think about it in a
militaristic sense,
you and I both were
in the military.
We know how that
plays into this.
So if you have a
super weapon, per se,
or it could even
micromanage programs
that have exotic materials,
non-human intelligence, that
basically convert ET
craft, and they can
use that as a doomsday weapon.
You can put that over
the Kremlin, for example,
detonate a weapon over
there, and fly out of there
so fast nobody
knows what happened.
They're just-- especially
if it's a direct energy
weapon, that's even worse.
You can't-- you can't
find the traces of that.
>>EMERY: Do they know when
they set the P3 up where
that craft is coming from?
Who they are?
How many times have we already
done this with that race?
Are they aware of any of that?
>>HERRERA: I'm not
personally aware of that.
I don't know.
But I would assume
that if they're
vectoring these crafts in,
it's going to be basically
whoever's in close proximity.
At least for a P3 to actually--
>>EMERY: So they're not like
hunting specific species?
>>HERRERA: No, not
that I'm aware of.
And not only that, but I
don't really know that.
>>EMERY: Mm-hmm.
>>HERRERA: They could be,
for all intents and purposes,
they could be hunting
a specific race
because of maybe they could
be millions of years advanced
compared to some of
the races that may be
hundreds of thousands of years.
>>EMERY: Are there
certain times they
put these P3s into activation
around planet Earth?
>>HERRERA: I'm
not aware of that.
I don't know.
But, from what I've
been told, it's
just this specific
installation that they do this
with for the purpose--
>>EMERY: Is it like a 24/7
thing, or is it Fridays only?
Do you know any specifics?
>>HERRERA: I have no idea.
It might be a target
of opportunity.
It may be when it's quiet, maybe
not a lot of people around.
>>EMERY: Does the P3
have to be above ground,
or can it be underground
or under the sea?
>>HERRERA: I don't-- I
have no idea about that.
But I'm assuming
that they'd have
to probably have
them topside in order
for them to make that connection
and actually have that--
they can see each other.
>>EMERY: What are
the things, Mike,
have you learned
about these craft?
>>HERRERA: Well, I do know that
the real ones are seamless.
They don't have any manufactured
sharp edges, if you will.
Everything's smooth.
It's just one solid piece.
As far as the dimensions, they
can range anywhere from 50 feet
all the way to 300, 400 feet.
There's been a rumor that
there's a 200-mile-long craft
floating outside of Saturn or--
yes, Saturn's rings right now.
As a matter of fact, that was
flown into our solar system
and is just on standby.
Nobody knows what it
is or what it's for.
>>EMERY: I heard it
might be on its way here.
>>HERRERA: It's possible.
>>EMERY: Yes.
>>HERRERA: And if it is,
that's what it's going to--
>>EMERY: It has been verified
by many organizations?
>>HERRERA: Yes, it has,
including this organization,
too.
>>EMERY: What more could you
tell us about that craft?
>>HERRERA: I just know it's
in excess of 200 miles,
and that's pretty damn big.
>>EMERY: Yeah, that's
what I heard, right, yeah.
Moving under its own steam.
>>HERRERA: Mm-hmm,
that's what they said.
>>EMERY: The Admiral said.
From what I have heard, that
is moving in a trajectory
directly in connection with
Earth at a very slow speed
that it should be arriving
in the next six months.
Have you heard
anything like this?
>>HERRERA: I have heard that,
especially within six months.
And it ties into what we've been
trying to do with disclosure.
So maybe this is also
something that we're
they're, trying to figure
out what we're doing per se.
And then all of a
sudden, if let's say,
because of what's going
on in the current world,
maybe if we can't get a foothold
on that, then all of a sudden,
they're going to
do it themselves.
>>EMERY: Let's get some
soft disclosure going now,
so we don't get caught with our
pants down when these things
come--
>>HERRERA: Exactly.
>>EMERY: --and will
have to answer.
They're going to have to
answer to a lot of things.
>>HERRERA: Well, exactly.
I mean, if you look
in the night sky
and see something
that's 200 miles long,
and it's very massive,
I mean, that's
going to stick out
like a sore thumb.
The theory is, too,
if it's this big,
is it going to throw
any kind of forces
against gravitational
pull, maybe
interfere with the
earth and the moon,
if they get too close
to that, I mean,
there are so many
theories because we've yet
to see anything that big in
comparison come close to Earth.
EMERY: Right, yeah,
I can only assume
that it's under its own
gravitational density field,
hopefully, because other things
will get pulled into that.
>>HERRERA: That's exactly it.
>>EMERY: I have not heard of
anyone telling where it's from
or the species or race.
Have you heard of anything?
>>HERRERA: I have not heard
of anything like that, either.
But I'm assuming that if you can
make an engine or something that
is in excess of 200
miles, you have to be
pretty advanced to do that.
>>EMERY: Now, I heard there are
some teams assigned to that.
And they were
speculating that it's
many races and species in a
group effort coming for peace.
Have you heard of
anything like that?
>>HERRERA: I have not
heard anything like that,
but if that is the
case, I hope that that's
what it is because that's going
to-- that's going to benefit us.
We're going to have a
larger understanding,
especially coming from
peaceful initiative.
It's going to teach us so much.
I mean, like I've said before,
the best thing that we can do
is learn about ourselves.
And maybe we'll
have the opportunity
to learn about ourselves from a
different perspective of beings
that have been here a
lot longer than we have.
There's ancient civilizations
throughout the earth
that seems like they
vanish without a trace.
Maybe they have been
enlightened enough
to travel amongst the stars.
And maybe they've
occupied other planets.
So that could be a possibility.
And maybe these beings
know that that's happened.
It's just an interesting theory.
But it could pave the
way for us to have
more enlightened knowledge
towards each other, as well,
and maybe understand that, hey,
guys, warfare, conflict, greed,
corruption, all
this kind of stuff
is not how you're going to
elevate yourself as a species.
But you're going to have
peace, understanding.
You're going to teach.
That's going to keep us
on a good trajectory.
>>EMERY: Have you
heard of anything
with the black Teams being
associated with facilities,
with the P3s on Mars?
>>HERRERA: I have
never heard that.
And I don't know.
I mean, like I said, the way
that these guys have technology,
I only know based off
our Earth-based programs.
And that's as far as
I've been read into it.
>>EMERY: Now, Mike,
we've heard in the media,
and we've seen the
Tic Tac videos.
What do you think it is?
Is this a black team situation?
What's your opinion on this?
>>HERRERA: I don't think
it's a black team situation.
I think this is an
aerospace company.
I know where that
Tic Tac is kept.
It's definitely in California.
And it's an
interesting location,
as far as the
entry points inside
of that because there's
been some people who
have been on that project who
have came forward to our team.
They've talked
about the specifics.
They've handled it.
There's also been
locations on the East Coast
where they have also housed
similar Tic-Tac-shaped UFOs
or reverse-engineered craft.
They obviously have seams.
They have ridges.
You can tell that they have--
there's been pictures
of some of them.
They look like they
have external tanks
on the sides of them,
piping, things like that.
>>EMERY: The antennas?
>>HERRERA: Correct.
>>EMERY: Right.
>>HERRERA: Why would
ETs need that if they
could do that consciously?
So that's obviously
human application.
>>EMERY: Yeah, there's
definitely a distinguished part
of the reverse engineer
and the seamless craft
that are probably made
in space organically.
>>HERRERA: Correct.
It's the theory of
materialization that
they're-- they're at least that
they can do this into one solid
piece.
That's how they suggest their
uniforms or their clothing
that they wear because it
doesn't have any zippers
or anything, that they could
actually, physically take it off
or unbutton, like how we do.
It's just one solid piece.
>>EMERY: Right, exactly.
Now, I've known you've
been ran into the Tic Tac.
Can you tell us the
size of this craft?
>>HERRERA: So, I know there's
different variations of the Tic
Tac, 50 feet, 100 feet in
length, which is pretty massive,
especially having a cylindrical
object like that floating
through that doesn't--
it's not susceptible to
meet the forces of gravity
or aerodynamics.
Like a fighter jet
would have to get
lift, thrust, everything
to vector the proper--
flying in the wind like a
helicopter would have to.
I mean, it's suggested
that these things actually
have a propulsion system
that puts a bubble around it,
like anti-gravity field, using
very high-voltage systems
because when I know how old the
Tic Tac has been documented,
it suggests that this is
probably an older system
that they use very
high-voltage systems in order
to incorporate that
anti-gravity effect,
where the occupants are
not subject to the forces
of gravity, the
forces of inertia.
>>EMERY: Were their
occupants in this one,
or is it a type of a drone, or--
>>HERRERA: I understand that
it's more people being occupants
into this.
>>EMERY: Mm-hmm, yeah.
>>HERRERA: I wouldn't
rule it past these guys
to put unmanned aerial
vehicle technologies
into stuff like this.
>>EMERY: Absolutely.
>>HERRERA: Completely unmanned.
It's a lot less risky
because you don't
have to reel as much people in.
There's not a lot of oversight.
You're not subject to people
if they're not feeling well,
whatever it might be.
So if it's unmanned and
something happens to it,
it's not really--
it's not going to
cost any human life.
>>EMERY: Do you believe
that the corporation that
owns this Tic Tac
did this on purpose,
or it was an accident that
they got caught on camera?
>>HERRERA: Well, here's
the thing, though,
I mean, people are videotaping
anomalies every single day,
whether it's extraterrestrial.
Most of the time, it's man-made.
So I think, with them, if I was
a test pilot on something like
this, and all of a sudden, I saw
videos on YouTube about what I
was flying, I'll kind
of like, Oh, there's--
look what I did, you
know what I mean?
I'd say that not that they're
going to tell everybody that,
but I would suggest that
they probably don't care.
It's just if you can't report
it or see that you saw this,
and there's no video
evidence of it,
it's just spur of the moment.
The stigma is still
strong with this subject,
so people aren't going to
be more receptive to that.
>>EMERY: We've had prior
guests on the show, Mike,
that talk about this safety
net, this grid that's
around the planet, that
kind of protects us
from extraterrestrials
just coming on
in without checking in.
Are you aware of
anything like this?
>>HERRERA: I'm not aware
of anything like that.
I've never heard that.
But what I will tell you is
that if there was a safety net,
it's more of not from us.
There should be a safety net
for the ETs because obviously,
of what we've been doing
in shutting them down,
I'm not hearing jet airliners
getting shot down by ET craft.
I mean, even if that was
something that they could do.
They certainly wouldn't do it
because it's just barbaric.
But I wouldn't rule
it past somebody
to try to stage this fake alien
invasion because that would
be something to
trigger it if you're
using reverse-engineer craft
to take down jet airliners.
And that would be something
that we'd probably try to do.
>>EMERY: Yeah, I
agree with that.
What else can you share
with us, Mike, about this?
>>HERRERA: Well,
I just want people
to understand the difference
between man-made and ET craft.
I think that's the biggest
learning curve that people
are going to understand.
And they need to understand
the differences associated
with each.
There's been groups that
have made contact with ETs
that people have been
frightened by them,
and they've kept their distance.
Then you talk about
these PLFs that
are using those
reverse-engineered craft
or programmed life forms that
look ET, but they're controlled.
And if those ones are not
respecting your boundaries,
so to speak, then
obviously, you'll
know the differences
between both.
These PLFs are aware of carrying
these heinous abductions
and mutilations, so to speak,
of what they're seeing.
Compared to real
ETs, I don't think
they're going to waste their
time trying to do that.
They don't need to--
they can harvest
whatever they want just
through materialization because
they're so advanced compared
to actually having to
physically grab something.
>>EMERY: Another way
these corporations--
I'll bring up real quick,
do this information
is they're really good
with the holograms now.
>>HERRERA: Correct.
>>EMERY: So you could see a
seamless, AI-created craft
in the sky.
But it's still false because--
what could you tell us
about these holograms?
>>HERRERA: Well, I
mean, I know they've
had holograms for a long time.
I mean, that's how they
mask and conceal things.
It's also-- there's
been speculation
that Phoenix Lights was
something like that.
>>EMERY: Definitely was.
>>HERRERA: So that's something
that span that multiple people
throughout one
city, I mean, that
was witnessed by thousands
of people that night in 1997.
Especially in the late '90s,
we had the F-117 coming out
at that time, and B-2 as well.
And that was the most advanced
thing everybody knew about.
But if you have hologram
projection and you're
able to stage
something like this.
There's instances
where they may have
been able to incorporate
hologram technology
into other things
that people may
have thought that's been real.
It's possible.
>>EMERY: Mike, is there one
last thing you'd like to add,
wrapping up this episode?
>>HERRERA: Well, I mean,
despite the dark nature
of these programs of using these
craft and reverse-engineering
technologies to have
weapons-based platforms, as well
as technologies for
militaristic purposes.
I think the benefit
is once you get
people that have the correct
oversight on these projects,
as well as people
that have good,
kind nature in their hearts,
that could definitely
help us understand
more of our planet,
maybe even alternate
sources for propulsion.
You don't have to
worry about things
that having to tear down
ecosystems, per se, in order
to get sustainable--
>>EMERY: The education part.
>>HERRERA: Correct.
So I think, you know.
You have companies
out there that
are taking people and
rides out into space
to see what that's like.
Imagine if we had the same
concept of teaching us,
like, who's to say that maybe
a hundred years from now,
you have a child that's going
to go onto a ride like this
with an anti-gravity vehicle
that can actually go out
into space, and you actually
get to observe Earth
and see what that's like.
I mean, that's not
something we'll ever
experience in our lifetime,
but maybe the future can.
And that would be
something that would
be pretty cool to
actually jumpstart and try
to get this whole process
on what we're doing.
So people can learn more about
our planet and the solar system
as well as extra
solar life, too.
>>EMERY: Well, that's a
beautiful aspect, Mike.
I'm so glad you brought that up.
>>HERRERA: Mm-hmm.
>>EMERY: Well, Mike, thank
you so much for being
on the show again.
>>HERRERA: Thank you,
Emery, I appreciate that.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is "Cosmic Disclosure."
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]